end toend QA workflow we will be receiving the user stories. Once we **receive the user stories**, we need to read the user stories by extracting the requirements and the acceptance criteria. That is our step one. So once you read your user stories and acceptance criteria, then we are going to **create a test plan**. How are we going to do that? We're going to use an agent called **playright test planner**.

This agent reads and understands the user stories and then it explores the application specified in the user stories and then it prepares a comprehensive test plan detailed test plan in markdown file MD file and then with the help of this detailed test plan and **then the playright browser MCP tool. So we're going to use a Playrite MCP server. Here we are going to perform exploratory testing** with the help of playright MCP server by reading the detailed test plan created by the agent test planner agent. So once
Show less 
11:01
you perform exploratory testing now what are the outputs? The output for step two is a detailed test plan. **Exploratory testing output is your screenshots and test observations. And then we're going to perform our step four. So what is our step four? Autogenerate test by using another agent called playrite test generator**. We're going to automate all the test cases with the help of the test plan created in step two and with the help of output screenshots and test observations from step three. So that means this playright

**test generator agent takes test plan and manual findings from exploratory testing as input and it automates all the test cases by itself**. So once it is done what is our next step? Our next step is step five execute and heal test. Here we're going to use **another agent called playright test healer agent. So this agent runs all the test cases that are automated by the previous agent and if any test case is failed, this agent autofixes all the failures**, it heals the test scripts. And then in step
Read More 
12:39
six once we execute all the test cases automated test cases we are going to generate the test report. **Our git copilot our GitHub copilot agent is going to generate the detailed test report which consists of manual automation and healing related information. It gives you a detailed test results** in the test report MD format. It gives you pass and fail information, coverage information, defects information, environment information, etc. And then once it is done, what is our step seven? So we are going to commit the entire

code base, our entire framework including user stories, test plan, test cases, automated test cases, your reports and everything into GitHub repository with the help of another agent or another MCP server called GitHub MCP server. So this entire information as I told you user stories your test scripts test test results will be pushed to your GitHub repository with the help of GitHub MCP server. This entire workflow we are going to achieve with a single prompt file. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to prepare one

simple prompt file. And that prompt file I'm going to feed to the GitHub copilot agent. And then I'm going to simply hit enter. Then your GitHub copilot agent will take care of all these steps by itself. It first reads the user stories with the help of reader agent and then it creates the test plans with the help of playright test planner agent. It performs exploratory testing with the help of playright browser MCP server and then it generates your automated test cases with the help of playright test generator and it heals

all the fail test cases with the help of playright test healer. It generates the reports with the help of GitHub copilot agent and then it commits the entire framework into your GitHub repository with the help of GitHub MCP server. Right? This entire QA workflow is possible with simple prompt file in natural language.